fix: update new multisig prover instantiation fields (#1005)
axelarnetwork/axelar-docs: src/pages/dev/amplifier/chain-integration/integrate-a-chain.mdx

    ```
    Now instantiate the contract.

    <Callout>

>     The `domain_separator` is the hash of the chain name, router address, and Axelar chain ID coded in command line JSON as an array of bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `domain_separator` is a 32 length byte array, derived from the hash of the chain name, router address, and Axelar chain ID. 
```

            "coordinator_address":"axelar1m2498n4h2tskcsmssjnzswl5e6eflmqnh487ds47yxyu6y5h4zuqr9zk4g",
            "service_registry_address":"axelar1c9fkszt5lq34vvvlat3fxj6yv7ejtqapz04e97vtc9m5z9cwnamq8zjlhz",
            "voting_verifier_address": "'"$MY_VERIFIER_ADDRESS"'",
            "signing_threshold": ["1","1"],
            "service_name": "validators",
            "chain_name":"test",
            "verifier_set_diff_threshold": 1,
            "encoder": "abi",

>             "key_type": "ecdsa"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            "key_type": "ecdsa",
```
